(Music)
Amanda Palmer (singing):
Ground Control to Major Tom,
Take your protein pills
and put your helmet on.
Al Gore: Ten, Nine, Eight, Seven, Six ...
AP: Ground Control to Major Tom,
AG: Five, Four, Three, Two, One ...
AP: Commencing countdown, engines on.
Check ignition
and may God's love be with you.
AG: Liftoff.
AP: This is Ground Control to Major Tom,
You've really made the grade
And the papers want to know
whose shirts you wear.
Now it's time to leave the capsule
if you dare.
"This is Major Tom to Ground Control,
I'm stepping through the door
And I'm floating in a most peculiar way
And the stars look very different today.
For here am I floating round my tin can.
Far above the world,
Planet Earth is blue
and there's nothing I can do."
(Music)
"Though I'm past 100,000 miles,
I'm feeling very still,
and I think my spaceship knows
which way to go.
Tell my wife I love her very much
she knows."
Ground Control to Major Tom,
your circuit's dead,
there's something wrong.
Can you hear me, Major Tom?
Can you ...
"Here am I floating round my tin can,
far above the Moon.
Planet Earth is blue
and there's nothing I can do.
(Music)
["I'm not a prophet or a stone-age man,
just a mortal with the potential
of a superman ...
... I'm living on."
David Bowie, 1947-2016]
(Applause)